President, we have arranged it.
Let's see if anything happens to Miss Shu
Keep staring at the butt
Oh, I cut the word Mr. Lu.
Would you like to take a look?
No, I trust you.
Happy cooperation.
Say miss
I have something to do in a while
Take a taxi
Ok uh
I'm fine anyway
I'll just walk around.
Hey, do you think he suspects me?
After signing the contract, he didn't read it
And he just saw the contract
The attitude changed immediately
You are just a pawn to him
If you use it now, you will definitely have a big attitude.
After all, you are in the eyes of a jockey
Or the one who ruined his family?
Then I will definitely deal with my parents first
Teacher Shi
I really hope this is over soon
What about tomorrow?
You go to the experiment to go through the medical procedures first
Then continue to the infirmary
Since you have joined it, you have also arranged a position
Then we'll take it all down